[DOC] Restructure Pyroscope documentation and share content (#3798)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/shared/intro/flame-graphs.md

headless: true
description: Shared file for intro to flame graphs.
---

[//]: # 'Learn about flame graphs.'
[//]: # 'This shared file is included in these locations:'
[//]: # '/pyroscope/docs/sources/introduction/flamegraphs.md'
[//]: # '/website/content/grafana-cloud/monitor-applications/profiles/introduction/flamegraphs.md'
[//]: # '/explore-profiles/docs/sources/introduction/flame-graphs.md'
[//]: # 'If you make changes to this file, verify that the meaning and content are not changed in any place where the file is included.'
[//]: # 'Any links should be fully qualified and not relative: /docs/grafana/ instead of ../grafana/.'

<!-- Flame graphs: Visualizing performance data -->

Flame graphs provide a visual summary of your profile data.
A flame graph is a complete visualization of hierarchical data, for example stack trace and, file system contents, with a metric, typically resource usage, attached to the data.

A fundamental aspect of continuous profiling is the flame graph, a convenient way to visualize performance data.
These graphs provide a clear, intuitive understanding of resource allocation and bottlenecks within the application.

<!-- vale Grafana.Spelling = NO -->

> [Brendan Gregg](https://www.brendangregg.com/flamegraphs.html), the creator of flame graphs, was inspired by the inability to view, read, and understand stack traces using the regular profilers to debug performance issues.

Reviewer: hah, this is so cool 😎

<!-- vale Grafana.Spelling = YES -->

> ## How is a flame graph created?

Reviewer: How Pyroscope creates flame graphs?

Author: ```suggestion
## How Pyroscope creates flame graphs 
```

This diagram shows how code is turned into a flame graph.
In this case, Pyroscope samples the stacktrace of your application to understand how many CPU cycles are spent in each function.

> It would then aggregate this data and turn it into a flame graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then aggregates this data and turns it into a flame graph.
```

![code to flame graph diagram](https://grafana.com/static/img/pyroscope/code-to-flamegraph-animation.gif)

## What does a flame graph represent?

Horizontally, the flame graph represents 100% of the time that this application was running.
The width of each node represents the amount of time spent in that function.

> The wider the node, the more time spent in that function. The narrower the node, the less time spent in that function.

Reviewer: This is such a good, succinct description ❤️

Author: The flame graph text was written by the team. Good stuff! :)
